hammer look I think that's right at some
boy the president's going to the markets
will make the president look at the dead
problem but look how much he gained
tonight they gave away so little they
gave away nothing for example he
rejected the very idea of having just a
technical change in how the cost of
living is calculated why did he do that
so that he now can give a bone to the
Republicans in the future and other
negotiations again in return for
spending cuts look tonight is one of the
local points that Republicans have ever
had in the last a few years for he was
on substance and also on politics on the
substance this is a really bad deal and
Obama's cleverness in insisting on
raising rates is that he's going to
follow this now by trying to raise taxes
through deductions and remember the
Republican Speaker has already offered
800 billion dollars in higher in higher
revenues as a result of eliminating
loopholes so he still has that he can
pocket so he gets a double rise in taxes
on rates and then done eliminating the
deductions and that's on substance but
on the politics I think was really
fascinating what we saw tonight which
was Obama understood that if he got the
Republicans he insisted on rates being
increased he made it an ultimatum he
said either you agree on raising grates
on the rich or you get nothing to go
over the cliff he broke the unity of the
Republicans in the last two years he
wasn't able to achieve anything of
substance in the house because it was a
united Republican House that stopped him
all the achievements he got Obamacare
stimulus he all got in the first two
years when he had control of the
Congress but now look what's happened
tonight the Republicans are split and
this will only be able to pass because
Democrats are supporting it so on the
politics of this he is now very much
weakened the Republicans he split the
Republicans in the House and the one
obstacle to his being able to control
the agenda in Washington
is now very much diminished and that I
think was his political objective in all
of this so you've achieved a lot on
substance higher taxes or try to undo
the Reagan idea of lower taxes and
second on the politics by splitting the
Republicans and taking essentially
control of Washington that that doesn't
mean he'll succeed through the two years
and have it all his way but he sure has
succeeded tonight that's why Republicans
it's chris said are so bitter and
heartbroken